cloud: update for the cluster creation UI (#9773)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/configure-security-settings.md

If you do not configure the root password or allowed IP addresses at that time, or if you want to modify the cluster security settings, take the following steps:

> 1. In the TiDB Cloud console, navigate to the **Active Clusters** page of your project, and then locate the pane of your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the TiDB Cloud console, navigate to the **Active Clusters** page of your project, and then find the area of your cluster.
```

> 2. Click **Security Settings** in the upper-right corner of the pane. The **Security Settings** dialog is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Security Settings** in the upper-right corner of the area. The **Security Settings** dialog is displayed.
```
